Simplify, align and clarify related processes (#1645)
open-contracting/standard: docs/history/changelog.md

* [#1209](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1209) Replace "electronic goods" with "digital goods" in the description of 'goods' from the `procurementCategory` codelist, to align with the description in the World Trade Organization's Agreement on Government Procurement, and to avoid confusion between electronic goods like computers and digital goods like software.
* [#1530](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1530) Use consistent wording for "goods, services and/or works" in the `classificationScheme`, `extendedProcurementCategory`, `partyRole` and `procurementCategory` codelists.
* [#1550](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1550) Align and improve code descriptions in `extendedProcurementCategory` and `procurementCategory`.
* [#1645](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1645) `relatedProcess.csv`:

>   * Add 'successfulProcess' and deprecate 'prior', 'replacementProcess' and 'renewalProcess'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Deprecate "parent-to-child" codes: 'subContract', 'replacementProcess' and 'renewalProcess'
```

Author: After this change, there'll be no mention of 'successfulProcess' in the changelog. Was that intentional?

Author: Oh, scratch that. I've just seen https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1645#discussion_r1414766465

>   * Deprecate 'subContract', in favor of 'parent'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add child-to-parent code: 'parent' (the reverse of 'subContract')
```

* [#1209](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1209) Replace "electronic goods" with "digital goods" in the description of 'goods' from the `procurementCategory` codelist, to align with the description in the World Trade Organization's Agreement on Government Procurement, and to avoid confusion between electronic goods like computers and digital goods like software.
* [#1530](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1530) Use consistent wording for "goods, services and/or works" in the `classificationScheme`, `extendedProcurementCategory`, `partyRole` and `procurementCategory` codelists.
* [#1550](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1550) Align and improve code descriptions in `extendedProcurementCategory` and `procurementCategory`.

> * [#1645](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1645) Deprecate "parent-to-child" codes. Update the description of 'prior' and add sub-codes. Update the description of 'framework'.

Reviewer: This needs to mention the codelist name and should name the new codes (and when doing so, the code being deprecated for each can be mentioned explicitly).

Author: Done in 37eafe1a681ab9d54487f45d50fa4c4b8ff7b07e. I'm not sure how I missed the codelist name!
